That's it, son of a bitch
Giving him a penny is a waste
Zhang Ye, why are you always like this?
This matter has been resolved.
Why do you still want to sow and bear branches?
You think you should give him some money?
Is this matter solved?
Or else?
Do you know what kind of virtue such a person has?
Today you give him a few hundred million
If you look back, he will dare to find you again
Who the hell are you scolding for your long-winded amnesia?
Jiang Shao calms down
Calm down Wei Wei
Hurry up and tell Zhang Yi to shut up, okay?
Zhang Yi, you are enough
You don't have to worry about me.
I decide for myself
Jiang Shaoqian, it's not okay for me to give you such a compromise.
Zhang Yan from now on
This has nothing to do with you.
You don't need a hand rest.
Zhang Yan, don't think I don't know what you think.
You just have a crush on that money.
That money was earned by Wei Wei himself
It has nothing to do with you.
It's not your turn to point fingers here
Do you think so too?
It's that money I've worked so hard for
Without you making irresponsible remarks
If I hadn't been telling you all these years
Let Wang Xiaohu take care of you
Don't tell me now, take out 200 million at one time
Your little company is already bankrupt, right?